src/ciphers/README.md, before:

## Ciphers

### [Caesar](./caesar.rs)
![alt text][caesar]
In cryptography, a **Caesar cipher**, also known as Caesar's cipher, the shift cipher, Caesar's code or Caesar shift, is one of the simplest and most widely known encryption techniques.<br>
It is **a type of substitution cipher** in which each letter in the plaintext is replaced by a letter some fixed number of positions down the alphabet. For example, with a left shift of 3, D would be replaced by A, E would become B, and so on. <br>
The method is named after **Julius Caesar**, who used it in his private correspondence.<br>
The encryption step performed by a Caesar cipher is often incorporated as part of more complex schemes, such as the Vigenère cipher, and still has modern application in the ROT13 system. As with all single-alphabet substitution ciphers, the Caesar cipher is easily broken and in modern practice offers essentially no communication security.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)

### [Vigenère](./vigenere.rs)
The **Vigenère cipher** is a method of encrypting alphabetic text by using a series of **interwoven Caesar ciphers** based on the letters of a keyword. It is **a form of polyalphabetic substitution**.<br>
The Vigenère cipher has been reinvented many times. The method was originally described by Giovan Battista Bellaso in his 1553 book La cifra del. Sig. Giovan Battista Bellaso; however, the scheme was later misattributed to Blaise de Vigenère in the 19th century, and is now widely known as the "Vigenère cipher".<br>
Though the cipher is easy to understand and implement, for three centuries it resisted all attempts to break it; this earned it the description **le chiffre indéchiffrable**(French for 'the indecipherable cipher'). 
Many people have tried to implement encryption schemes that are essentially Vigenère ciphers. Friedrich Kasiski was the first to publish a general method of deciphering a Vigenère cipher in 1863.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigen%C3%A8re_cipher)

### Transposition _(Not implemented yet)_
In cryptography, a **transposition cipher** is a method of encryption by which the positions held by units of plaintext (which are commonly characters or groups of characters) are shifted according to a regular system, so that the ciphertext constitutes a permutation of the plaintext. That is, the order of the units is changed (the plaintext is reordered).<br> 
Mathematically a bijective function is used on the characters' positions to encrypt and an inverse function to decrypt.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transposition_cipher)

[caesar]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/Caesar_cipher_left_shift_of_3.svg

Commit message:

Added XTEA En- and Decryption

src/ciphers/README.md, after:

## Ciphers

### [Caesar](./caesar.rs)
![alt text][caesar]
In cryptography, a **Caesar cipher**, also known as Caesar's cipher, the shift cipher, Caesar's code or Caesar shift, is one of the simplest and most widely known encryption techniques.<br>
It is **a type of substitution cipher** in which each letter in the plaintext is replaced by a letter some fixed number of positions down the alphabet. For example, with a left shift of 3, D would be replaced by A, E would become B, and so on. <br>
The method is named after **Julius Caesar**, who used it in his private correspondence.<br>
The encryption step performed by a Caesar cipher is often incorporated as part of more complex schemes, such as the Vigenère cipher, and still has modern application in the ROT13 system. As with all single-alphabet substitution ciphers, the Caesar cipher is easily broken and in modern practice offers essentially no communication security.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher)

### [Vigenère](./vigenere.rs)
The **Vigenère cipher** is a method of encrypting alphabetic text by using a series of **interwoven Caesar ciphers** based on the letters of a keyword. It is **a form of polyalphabetic substitution**.<br>
The Vigenère cipher has been reinvented many times. The method was originally described by Giovan Battista Bellaso in his 1553 book La cifra del. Sig. Giovan Battista Bellaso; however, the scheme was later misattributed to Blaise de Vigenère in the 19th century, and is now widely known as the "Vigenère cipher".<br>
Though the cipher is easy to understand and implement, for three centuries it resisted all attempts to break it; this earned it the description **le chiffre indéchiffrable**(French for 'the indecipherable cipher'). 
Many people have tried to implement encryption schemes that are essentially Vigenère ciphers. Friedrich Kasiski was the first to publish a general method of deciphering a Vigenère cipher in 1863.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vigen%C3%A8re_cipher)

### [xtea](./xtea.rs)
In cryptography, XTEA (eXtended TEA) is a block cipher designed to correct weaknesses in TEA. The cipher's designers were David Wheeler and Roger Needham of the Cambridge Computer Laboratory, and the algorithm was presented in an unpublished technical report in 1997 (Needham and Wheeler, 1997). It is not subject to any patents.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XTEA)

### Transposition _(Not implemented yet)_
In cryptography, a **transposition cipher** is a method of encryption by which the positions held by units of plaintext (which are commonly characters or groups of characters) are shifted according to a regular system, so that the ciphertext constitutes a permutation of the plaintext. That is, the order of the units is changed (the plaintext is reordered).<br> 
Mathematically a bijective function is used on the characters' positions to encrypt and an inverse function to decrypt.
###### Source: [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transposition_cipher)

[caesar]: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/Caesar_cipher_left_shift_of_3.svg
